# Privacy and the Security of Your Data
## Project Soteria
 
This service provides $company employees with the ability to manage their own health information and the ability to use this information to understand your own personal risk.  $company is providing this facility to help people manage their symptoms, attest to their health as part of the Return to Workplace Scheduling and Checkin process, and as necessary, to self-connect to health and wellness capabilities with or without the involvement of $company $healthsafetygroup e.g. employee health and safety team ($authgroups) at your discression.  Additionally, this health form will provide the ability to view and subscribe to the delivery of localized information about COVID in the community, site notices and other relevant information.

### Categories of Information 
There are 4 categories of information used within the Safety Suite:
* **Personally Managed Information (PMI):** that is strictly managed by the employee without any access to $company without consent
* **Required Information (CRI):** that is shared by $company policy to protect the shared safety of employees returning to the workplace
* **Abstract De-Identified Data (AID):** used in the transaction of digital passes, reservations, and site activities
* **Mapping Data (MD):** A mapping table of employee identity to the AIDs by $healthgroup or $facilitygroup

### Information Used in Project Soteria
The application contains several modules that differentially treat information that is collected, and at times may ask an individual to share information with $company.  Wherever possible, this information is shared without personally identifying information unless required which will be noted by data classification based upon the 4 information categories above.  Strong efforts are made by the application to mark, describe and deliniate the information being requested, and put under user based submission before transfer.

### Use of and Storage of PMI
Providing information about your location and health status is purely voluntary and is not a precondition for the use of the application. By submitting your information through the application, the user will have unique and exlusive access to the health records, and they will not include any facets to map back to the individual outside keys within their own devices. Project Soteria does expose a set of services including a Risk Engine that can be used by the person to determine if they have risk factors that might suggest an infection, and include the ability to pass a risk score back to $company so as to demonstrate a low risk for returning to work or potentially with a high risk score, the ability to take advantage of tele-health or tele-medicine services that $company may provide.  Again the submission of detailed data or risk score is voluntary and not pre-requisite for obtaining clearance to return to $company facilities.  If you decide to no longer use the health check service, no additional data is collected, and you can ask for your data to be deleted.  PMI data is stored for 21 days before automated removal for both active and deleted accounts.

### Use of and Storage of CRI
Required Information, as used in reservation management and contact tracing, is limited to name, $company identity, and contact information inclusive of email address and phone number, will be securely stored in compliance with the relevant privacy and data protection regulations and standards. This required information will be used to ensure that the user can be contacted in the case of an event such as a reservation modification or cancellation, an risk event in/near the location of the reservation which might be of import, reminders associated with reservations including preconditions. In the case of contact tracing, and dependent on rules, regulations and policies put in place by governments, local jurisdictions, landlord, or $company.  $company will provide CRI for only potentially impacted parties and as required by law to the necessary authorities.  And $company reserves the right to contact potentially impacted individual to provide assistance based upon the local rules.  This contact service may be located outside the users jurisdiction in those cases $company or appointed servicer will use any provided data only for the purposes associated with notification and assistance.

### Use of and Storage of AID
Abstract De-Identified Data uses a fixed or flexible token to enable a relationship to be declared against a location, another individual or potentially other items.  This relationship reads something like employee has a reservation for a seat, where all 3 items are encoded in 96bit UUID's and stored in such a way that the relationship can be recorded and potentially used to retrieve reservations for individuals.  These UUID tokens can be resolved to individuals thru independent mapping data that is under policy control.  With out the mapping data, these UUIDs cannot be resolved back to individuals.  As they do not identify individuals, they are used broadly to understand facility, seat and reservation against finite limits, and also for contact tracing against shared facilities and desks in ways that helps to maintain cleanliness.  The AID's for continued facility comparison will be kept indefinitely to help $company maintain its facilities and improve the productivity thru data analysis.

### Use of and Storage of MD
As described in the AID section, Mapping data is used to translate UUID's to known entities.  Though there will be mapping data for every facility, the mapping data for each employee, contractor and visitor is kept independent and under a strong Access Control Policy with only $company $authgroups given access for specific purposes - things like absence reporting, contact trace reporting and notification, and incident management.  The Mapping Data will be retained based upon the $company data retention policy, recognizing that in some cases daily use of the mapping data may keep it alive throughout employment.  An employee can re-register with the system at any time to obtain a new UUID which will have the effect of aging the old UUID out of the map at the retention date.  Any user can ask that their UUID map be deleted at any time thru the $company.safetysuite.org website, or direct email to (mailto:privacy@example.com).  Because contact trace retention is required in some jursidictions, some employees, visitors and contractors may not be allowed to immediatly have their map purged of their UUID map.


## Universal Data Usage and Rights

The status and information you provide will not be shared with third parties outside of the $company $authgroups nor will extracts or any other copies be created, used nor retained. The information stored will only be visible to authorized leaders and staff who are involved in assisting the $company -workforce and business contingency, and employee health and safety- $authgroups. Data will be retained and deleted in accordance with the global $company Records Retention Schedule or Project Soteria policies setforth above whichever is of shortest duration.

The application is designed to support individual rights of access, correction and appropriate erasure of the data stored. If you wish to exercise any of your rights with respect to your data, please reach out to [privacy@example.com](mailto:privacy@example.com).

## More Information

If you wish to find more information regarding the privacy policy of Project Soteria, your rights, or any other related topic, please visit the [Project Soteria Privacy Statement](https://www.example.com/privacy or contact the Project Soteria Privacy and Data Protection Office at: [privacy@example.com](mailto:privacy@example.com). 

